Prepare template documents for furo style docs (#1131)
oemof/oemof-solph: docs/basic_concepts/energy_system.rst

.. _basic_concepts_energy_system_label:

~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Energy System
~~~~~~~~~~~~~

In most cases an `EnergySystem` instance is defined when we start to build up an energy system model. The `EnergySystem` instance will contain the model's elements and a time index.

> The model time is defined by the number of intervals and the length of intervals. The length of each interval does not have to be the same. This can be defined in two ways:
> 
> 1. Define the length of each interval in an array/Series where the number of the elements is the number of intervals.
> 2. Define a `pandas.DatetimeIndex` with all time steps that encloses an interval. Be aware that you have to define n+1 time points to get n intervals. For non-leap year with hourly values that means 8761 time points to get 8760 interval e.g. 2018-01-01 00:00 to 2019-01-01 00:00.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The model time is defined by the number of intervals and the length of intervals. The length of each interval does not have to be the same. The intervals are defined by giving a `pandas.DatetimeIndex` with all time steps that define the intervals. Be aware that you have to define n+1 time points to get n intervals. For non-leap year with hourly values that means 8761 time points to get 8760 interval e.g. 2018-01-01 00:00 to 2019-01-01 00:00.
```

One can use the function
:py:func:`create_time_index` to create an equidistant datetime index.

.. code-block:: python

    from oemof.solph import create_time_index
    my_index = create_time_index(2011)

By default, the function creates an hourly index for one year. But it is possible to change the length of the interval to quarter hours for example. The default number of intervals is the number needed to cover the given year but the value can be overwritten by the user.

It is also possible to define the datetime index using pandas. See `pandas date_range guide <https://pandas.pydata.org/pandas-docs/stable/generated/pandas.date_range.html>`_ for more information.

.. code-block:: python

    import pandas as pd
    my_index = pd.date_range('1/1/2011', periods=8761, freq='h')

This index is used at initialisation of the energy system:

.. code-block:: python

    import oemof.solph as solph
    my_energysystem = solph.EnergySystem(timeindex=my_index)

After defining an instance of the `EnergySystem` class, one need to add nodes and links between them to define the underlying network of the energy system.

> There are two types of *nodes* : *components* and *buses*. Every Component has to be connected with one or more *buses*. The link between a *component* and a *bus* is called a *flow*.

Reviewer: Make clear that bus -> bus is possible.

```suggestion
There are two types of *nodes* : *components* and *buses*. Every Component has to be connected with one or more *buses*. The link between a *component* and a *bus* (or between * two buses*) is called a *flow*.
```
